[♪♪]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[WIND BLOWING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
[WIND BLOWING]
[BIRD THUDS ON WINDOW]
[♪♪]
[CRICKET CHIRPING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
My. my mom used to say.
uh. dead birds meant
the closing of one chapter
and the beginning of a new one.
[♪♪]
[FIRE CRACKLING]
ALEX:
It tastes like cement.
MARTEL:
Come on. man.
Even with the blackberries?
I hand-picked them.
ALEX:
I don't but. man.
It tastes like fruity cement.
[MARTEL LAUGHS]
ALEX:
What about you. Vanessa?
Vanessa?
Everything okay?
[FIRE CRACKLING]
I'm fine.
You still wanna go?
Go where?
She wants to go hiking.
Did you all hear
that loud noise last night?
Sounded like something exploded.
ALEX:
Sound?
No. I didn't hear anything. You?
Probably just some thunder.
It rained last night.
They shut the facility down
out there.
They shut it down?
Yeah. People were saying
there were some weird
experiments going on.
People or Pop?
MARTEL:
All we know is that
some people went missing.
and one day the facility
was just shut down.
[ALEX SCOFFS]
The forest was reclaimed
as a preservation.
[CHUCKLES]
Man loved
his conspiracy theories.
All right.
there's nothing more to it.
We don't need to talk
about them anymore.
Why not?
You never wanna talk about him.
Why should I be compelled
to talk about a man
who just disappeared
on his family? Why?
-I'm telling you.
-Right.
He was searching for something.
[SCOFFS]
Searching for what?
I don't know.
Hey. all of it's in his journal.
Screw that journal.
VANESSA:
Have you even read it?
Uh. no.
He said he lost it
in the forest one day.
ALEX:
He went crazy. that's it.
He lost his mind.
Or maybe he was just lost.
[INDISTINCT LYRICS
IN BACKGROUND]
[GUN CLICKING]
Still know how to use
this thing?
-Better than you.
-All right. smartass.
Look. you know
there's bears out there.
Mountain lions have been seen
out there too. so eyes up.
Hey. I. uh. I really think
that I should go with you.
I'll be fine.
Just need a little time alone.
Y'all still thinking
about moving out here.
selling the house?
Yeah. yeah. we talked about it.
And we're not selling our home.
ALEX:
We haven't decided yet.
I have. and we're not selling.
Well. you guys know
you can always take
your lake house off my hands.
[CHUCKLES]
Obe would have loved
to live out here.
There's no reception
out there. so...
I'm sorry.
Vanessa?
Come on. Van-- Vanessa.
I told Martel to never mention
his name.
He. de didn't mean to.
you know that.
-He was just trying to help.
-Help how?
By selling away
what little memories
-we have left of him?
-By helping us move on.
Forward. forward.
Just helping us move forward.
You wish it was me?
What?
Hmm?
Do you wish it was me
who died that day?
[♪♪]
How could you say that?
I forgave you a long time ago.
I just. I don't want
to lose you too.
I'll be back in an hour.
MARTEL:
Should she be on her own
out there?
No.
I know when she needs space.
[SIGHS]
[♪♪]
[WATER FLOWING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[GRUNTS. EXHALES]
[TAKING DEEP BREATHS]
[BIRD FLAPPING WINGS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
[GUN FIRES]
[GASPS]
[TAKING DEEP BREATHS]
[GUN FIRES]
Oh. fuck.
[PANTS]
[ALEX SIGHS]
It's been going two hours.
Hey. Vanessa. you okay?
Vanessa.
Sweetie. can you hear me?
Vanessa?
Babe?
Vanessa. can you hear me?
Ca--
[PANTING]
Hey. babe. what happened?
I saw a bear.
You saw a bear?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
ALEX:
Hey. can we talk?
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
Hey.
What. what. what was.
what happened out there?
I saw a bear.
It wasn't a bear. Vanessa.
You looked terrified.
It was the same look you had
when Obe died.
Okay. no. Alex. no.
Look. I. I. I love you.
I promise that no matter what.
I will always be by your side.
But why do you insist
on blocking me out?
I'm not blocking you out.
You act like
life can just go on.
like we can have a normal life.
and we can't.
It was. it was an accident.
Sweetie. it was an accident.
You didn't see
the other car coming.
How many times do we have
to go through this?
Can you please leave?
ALEX:
Why don't you see yourself
and me?
Can you just. I can't talk
about this right now.
Can you please leave?
Leave.
[FIRE CRCAKLING]
[DOOR OPENS. CLOSES]
[PANTS. SOBS]
[♪♪]
[PILLS
[BREATHS HEAVILY]
[SNIFFLES. SOBS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
Oh.
Yeah. you keep swinging
like that.
she'll throw your back out.
[LAUGHING]
You wish your swing
was this pretty.
Hmm.
When's the last time
you picked up a club?
we went golfing?
It's been about three years.
That's the last time
I picked up a club.
[CHUCKLES]
Hey. you. you want to swing?
Nah. nah.
Just came out for some air.
Y'all good?
[SIGHS]
Talk to me.
What's going on inside
that head of yours?
I... I lost a son.
[CLEARS THROAT]
And now I'm losing my wife.
It's only been a year.
It's gonna take some time.
We barely speak.
Separate dinners most nights.
I spend more time on my couch
than in our bed.
I can't even remember
the last time I seen her smile.
I. I. I thought
I had the answers.
If we just kept it together
and went through therapy.
we could just.
we could push through.
MARTEL:
You're going through a lot
right now.
You gotta be patient with her.
You gotta be patient
with yourself.
ALEX:
I'm trying.
I miss him.
Every second of every day.
-He was my world.
-Hey. hey. come here.
[♪♪]
I miss him too.
What would Obe say
if he was here right now?
Come on. man. say it.
I'm tough.
And I'm bright.
I got muscles.
I got might.
[TOGETHER]
And even when I'm afraid...
everything will be all right.
It will be all right.
VANESSA ON TV:
Get down. Let's go honey.
Be patient. Watch the ball.
ALEX ON TV:
Yeah! Good job. Obe.
Go. go. go.
VANESSA ON TV:
You got this.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER OVER TV]
ALEX:
That was a good day.
[INDISTINCT CHATTER OVER TV]
[FIRE CRACKLING]
Uh. uh. Martel.
Martel's grilling
and just wanted you to know
in case you wanna come join us.
[♪♪]
Pop loved this song.
Yeah.
-You made it.
-Yeah.
Hey.
Didn't feel like
being alone tonight.
Dinner is served.
Hopefully it's better
than the oatmeal this morning.
[LAUGHS]
Remember the first-time
pops brought us
fishing out here?
How could I forget?
You almost drowned.
Mm-hmm.
Well. did I tell you the story?
No?
Um. I was.
uh. I was nine years old.
Then I snagged a salmon so big
that it actually pulled me
into the river.
I was trying to tell you
how to hold your line.
I was holding the line.
I just I slipped on a rock.
I fell in.
Pops had to jump in and save
me. It was crazy.
[LAUGHS]
My whole perception of life
changed after that.
Really? How so?
Created a complex.
A need to never feel
out of control ever again.
Then somehow. I started drinking
two bottles of whiskey
just to get through the day.
And we know how that went.
Now I identified
one of the biggest lies
I've ever told myself.
And what was that?
That I'm in control.
You figure something out.
You got help.
I guess.
We humans. you know.
we are in constant stages
of evolution.
[CHUCKLES]
Forever changing.
Even when we're not
conscious of it.
At any given moment.
we are presented
with an infinite amount
of possibilities
of results.
You know.
to get it right every time.
you know. it's impossible.
Then you realize
that you've never fully
been in control.
Never have been.
Never will be.
That's an interesting
perspective.
Well. I'm not following.
What I'm saying is that
there are certain things in life
that we cannot control
because the decision's
already been made for us.
We are exactly
where we need to be.
No mistakes.
just lessons learned.
Adapting is complicated.
[DRAGS CHAIR]
Where-- where are you going?
I'm... I'm not hungry.
I'll help you out with that.
-Don't.
-Whoa. hey. hey. hey. hey.
-You all right? You okay?
-Shit. Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Go take care of that. man.
We'll clean this up.
Yeah.
[♪♪]
[WIND BLOWING]
It's getting cold.
You should. uh...
No.
No. you should go ahead inside.
I got this.
I'll take care of it.
I'll-- I get it.
[SIGHS]
[POURS WINE]
VANESSA:
You're drinking?
It's been a long day.
So. what was all that?
Bullshit?
You know. sometimes I. uh.
I just like to pour a glass.
smell it.
Cheers.
VANESSA:
Your hand.
What about it?
The burn.
[SIGHS]
It wasn't as bad as we thought.
[CHUCKLES]
I'm gonna go take a walk.
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[DOOR OPENS. CLOSES]
Everything okay?
What's wrong?
[♪♪]
Vanessa?
V?
[DOOR OPENS. CLOSES]
[TAKES A DEEP BREATH]
[♪♪]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[WATER FLOWING]
[EXHALES]
[♪♪]
[BREATHS HEAVILY]
[BEE BUZZING]
[♪♪]
[BREATHS HEAVILY]
[GRUNTS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
What?
[PANTS]
Oh.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
[BREATHS HEAVILY]
[GRUNTS]
[YELPS]
[♪♪]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[FIRE CRACKLING]
Is everything okay?
I woke up. You were gone.
Where'd you go?
I think I found something.
What did you find?
There's something wrong
with this place.
What do you mean?
It's the forest.
I kept walking around
and ending up back
at the exact same spot.
It's easy to get lost.
I wasn't lost. Alex.
No matter what direction
I went in.
I always ended up back
at this tree.
So. you were walking in circles?
No. I tied a scarf
around the tree.
And when I came back around.
it was gone.
And I even did marks
on the trees.
And when I came back around
again. they were gone too.
Are you sure
you weren't just lost?
No. It's not possible.
It's like
I was in some kind of loop.
Didn't your dad say
they did experiments
around here?
And he was crazy.
You're sounding just like him.
I'm trying to tell you
that this place is strange.
There's something not right
here.
[SIGHS]
What do you want me to say?
I want you to say
you believe me.
-Vanessa.
-I saw myself out in the forest.
It wasn't a bear.
It was me.
Or somebody
who looked just like me.
And she tried to kill me.
So. I shot back at her.
Vanessa. you're not making
any sense.
I saw my own eyes
staring back at me.
ALEX:
So in the forest.
you were in some strange
time loop
where you saw yourself
shoot at you?
Yes.
It's getting worse.
I mean. weird dreams
is one thing. but this?
I called Dr. Harvey.
He knew today
would be hard for you.
Said the anniversary
of Obe's death.
Don't say his name.
You have to say his name.
Okay? It's been a year
since Obe died.
[WIND BLOWING]
Why do you keep punishing me?
We've already been through this.
I just want to know
how long it's gonna go on. Hmm?
I tried therapy.
giving you your space.
I've apologized a million times.
You don't think I hate myself?
What are you talking?
Just say it. Just say it.
You wish I died that day.
Hm?
Yeah.
I took our son from you.
and you wish I was lying
in his place.
You still blame me
for his death.
That other guy was driving.
He was driving the car.
He ran the light.
That guy. not me.
I didn't see the car coming.
You weren't driving.
I was driving. not you.
Oh. so now you were driving.
Now. you were driving.
Really. seriously. stop it
with this shit.
-I drove the car.
-Vanessa.
I was driving.
You weren't even there.
I'm dead inside.
The guilt that I wake up with
every day.
I was driving. and I turned
my head for just a second.
What are you talking about?
We've been through this.
Vanessa!
I love you.
but you need help.
Call Dr. Harvey.
[♪♪]
And take your pills.
Please.
You're not Alex.
What?
What's going on?
I heard yelling. Y'all good?
You hurt your right hand.
Not your left.
Is she having another episode?
Vanessa. what are you doing?
We need to talk.
Vanessa!
You need help.
Get back here. Vanessa!
Get back here! Vanessa!
[♪♪]
[PANTS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
Who's there?
Stop or I'll shoot!
Come down slowly.
Slowly.
Alex?
You following me?
I'm not. We never met.
Whatever Alex you were with
is not me.
I'm from a different world.
another space and time.
if that makes sense.
You feel like
you're going crazy. right?
Yeah. I know. I've been there.
You can lower the gun now.
I'm not going to hurt you.
So close. Not her.
Not who?
You. My you.
My wife.
You really can
lower the gun now.
We need to get out of here.
And go where?
I know this doesn't make
any sense. but I can help you.
I can.
I'm not asking you to trust me.
but I need you to.
You need me to trust you
for what?
Just trust me.
[♪♪]
Coming.
[FIRE CRACKLING]
DIVORCED ALEX:
Well. go ahead.
make yourself at home.
You smoke?
I do.
Every version of us
is just slightly different
in each space.
Anything from a haircut
to a mold. scar.
cigarette.
No.
Yeah. maybe it's a sign
I should quit.
My Vanessa hated that I smoked.
What are these spaces?
Fragmented versions
of the world
in which you belong.
But we can move
between these worlds?
Between them. in them.
I've lost count
of how many times
I've been through these worlds.
It's become overwhelming.
So. we're just stuck
in some conspiracy theory
time loop?
A more accurate name would be
multiverse theory.
So how does this work?
Honestly. I don't really know.
But I have some thoughts.
You see here?
This is your original space.
And you think of the walls.
the squares.
like a ripple in time.
Now these areas
are where the spaces meet.
Now the place that we met.
we call that the nucleus.
That's where the ripples
are held together.
Once you cross over.
you're in another space
with another version of you.
The paradox is that
we can't coexist in a space
that's already occupied
by another version of ourselves.
None of this makes sense.
We have multiple worlds.
and yet we can move
between the worlds.
but we're stuck.
For now.
I haven't worked out the whole
time loop thing yet.
How do you know all of this?
Well. it's kind of my job.
I'm a physicist.
I study particle physics.
dark matter. cosmic rays.
you know. fun stuff.
I gotta ask.
What am I like in your world?
You're kind.
-Sweet.
-Hmm.
Very. very patient.
Hard worker.
And you were an amazing father.
What do I do for a living?
You're a math teacher.
It's honest work.
What?
I just.
I always used to tell my Alex
that he should work
a little harder for his PhD.
Oh. and he would have spent
too much time away from you.
I think he made
the right choice.
What am I like?
DIVORCED ALEX:
You're my rock.
Everything I could have asked
for in a life.
When my Vanessa left me. we. uh.
we never got back on track.
The loss of Obe was just.
Don't say his name. Please.
She couldn't say
his name either.
Thought it would just.
you know. help her move on.
but.
just took a deeper dive
into depression.
Came out here to get away
from it all.
Then she started seeing
strange things. that. uh.
there are people like her
walking around.
You know. I always held on
to the hope
that I'd see her again one day.
but every time I did.
you all had pieces of her.
but you weren't my Vanessa.
I'm not giving up. though.
Not giving up till I find her.
I have one more question.
DIVORCED ALEX:
Yeah?
Is there a chance he's alive?
I searched for him. too.
Every space I've been to.
he's either dead
or he never existed.
Maybe you haven't looked
hard enough.
You know. I may be able
to get you back
to your original space.
It's a long shot.
but I've never had anyone else
to test my theory.
What is it?
Fishing wire.
I've been collecting it.
See. if you hold on to one end.
and I take the other end
into the forest with me.
hopefully when I return.
I can get back
to the exact same spot
that I left.
I think I could help us find
our original space.
but we're gonna need
some more wire.
I know a shortcut in the woods.
[CRICKET CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
VIGILANT MARTEL:
What are you doing?
Just looking for fishing wire.
For what?
Fishing.
You hate fishing.
It was my idea.
You said you'd leave me alone.
Why would we do that?
You never remember.
VANESSA:
Remember what?
VIGILANT MARTEL:
I'm sorry.
I'm so. I'm so sorry.
DIVORCED ALEX:
Hey. hey. talk to me.
I'm here for you.
VIGILANT MARTEL:
No. but you're not.
You're not.
What do you mean?
I buried the both of you.
What happened?
VIGILANT MARTEL:
I just left a party.
You guys called saying
you needed a ride
from the airport.
that you needed me
to pick you up. and I did.
We stopped at a red light.
and the truck came out
of nowhere.
So. you didn't cause
the accident?
No. no. but I shouldn't
have been driving.
You were pregnant. Eight months.
It wasn't your fault.
I know.
I try to tell myself that.
but the pain.
it doesn't go away.
I miss you guys so much.
[SNIFFLES]
Just. I know you're not real.
Just stop haunting me.
Every time you show up.
it makes it harder for me
to move on.
So please.
just don't come back.
[♪♪]
Be kind to yourself.
[SNIFFLES]
Is he still looking at us?
Yep.
We can't go where we came in.
I know.
We won't get
in the space we left.
[FIRE CRACKLING]
Weird idea. It's crazy.
You really think
this is gonna work?
Yeah. I hope so.
How will I know you're you if...
if you make it?
Room 1111. bed 8.
We spent three months
in that room.
After you woke up.
we never left our boy's side.
He was a fighter.
just like you.
Room 1111. bed 8.
I know.
First time you crossed spaces.
how'd you know?
[WIND BLOWING]
[♪♪]
MARTEL:
No. no. no. no. no. no.
Hey. stop!
No!
[MARTELS GRUNTING]
#*MARTEL:
No. Hey. Come on.
[#*MARTELS GRUNTING]
[GLASS SHATTERS]
Martel.
Ma... Martel.
[PANTING]
DIVORCED ALEX:
Martel.
[BOTH PANTS]
Dad was right.
DIVORCED ALEX:
I followed them
to that strange tree.
Once I passed the gate.
they were gone.
I've been lost ever since.
What about you?
I tried to kill myself.
You... you tried
to commit suicide?
No. No.
Oh.
Yeah.
Let's get you home.
If I'm not back in an hour.
leave.
You need to take the gun.
No. in case she comes back.
you might need to use it.
All right.
I'm sorry. I'm...
I'm... I'm sorry.
I just miss you
I just miss... I just miss you.
Her. I miss her.
[KISSES]
Okay.
Be careful.
I will.
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
[DIVORCED ALEX GRUNTING]
Alex?
Room 1111?
[PANTS]
Bed eight.
I was gonna leave.
[PANTS]
What was that like?
I saw us as a family.
He was there?
No.
It was you. me. Martel.
We were happy.
And then you saw me.
What did I do?
Well. you fainted.
And Martel saw me. so I ran.
Did he follow you?
No.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
[♪♪]
I think I figured out
how it works.
Based on navigation.
I think we can use this space
as our starting point.
Well. how do we keep
from going into a space
that we've already been in?
We blow the tree.
What do you mean?
You've been collecting
more than just fishing wire.
Yeah.
I've been stocking up
every time I go into a space.
[CHUCKLES]
A loud noise from the forest.
Yeah.
Nothing's ever going
to be the same. is it?
Nope.
That doesn't scare you?
Anything is better than this.
I keep replaying that day
over and over again.
I keep thinking about the
things I did wrong.
There--
There's no way out of it.
The accident was going
to happen.
There's nothing
I could have ever done.
I could have done to change.
Stop.
I miss you.
No. you don't.
You miss your wife.
And I can't replace her
any more
than you can replace
my husband.
And I know he's still out
there. and I need to find him.
What if you don't?
It's not an option.
[♪♪]
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[SIGHS]
Room 1111.
1111.
[♪♪]
[CRICKET CHIRPING]
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[WATER FLOWING]
[GRUNTS]
What are you doing?
Room 1111.
ALEX:
What?
Room 1111.
I don't know
what you're talking about.
You went into the woods.
You disappeared.
We searched everywhere for you.
Then-- and--
Alex. where's Martel?
He's in the storage shed.
How's his hand?
It's healing.
Right or left hand?
It's right hand.
[SIGHS]
It's okay.
I'm okay. I'm here.
I think... I think
we can find him.
-Who?
-Our son.
-Our son-- Vanessa.
-Alex. the spaces are real.
We just have to keep crossing
until we can find--
MARTEL:
Vanessa.
[BOTTLE SHATTERS]
MARTEL:
Where did she come from?
ALEX:
I don't... I don't know.
She woke me up in the bar.
She was saying something
about room 1111.
-1111? What's that?
-I don't know. I don't know.
-I have no idea what's going on.
-All right. all right.
We... we got to calm down.
okay? All right?
We just got to think about this.
Think about what? Look at her.
That's not my Vanessa.
She can't be.
Hey. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Hey. hey. hey. hey.
No. no. we don't want
to do that. okay?
-You don't want to do that.
-She's not Vanessa.
That is not Vanessa.
-Stop moving.
-Hey. hey. hey.
Let's just talk to her.
Let's hear her out.
[VANESSA CRYING]
Yeah. I got you.
Just-- it's okay.
[COUGHS]
ALEX:
Hey! Hey!
Who are you?
[CRIES]
-Vanessa. I'm your wife.
-My wife is dead.
No. I'm right here
in front of you.
-I'm alive.
-No. no.
-What? What?
-You can't be.
What are you talking about?
What happened?
[SOBBING]
I kill... I killed you.
I killed you.
You. you. you... you came home
and you had a bullet wound
in your leg
and you were saying.
you were saying
that someone was trying
to kill you
and that you had to shoot her
to protect all of us.
No. no. no.
You don't understand. Alex.
It's the other spaces.
They're real.
-No.
-No. no. I saw.
I saw her in the woods
and she tried to shoot me.
And she's the one
who shot at me.
I didn't tell you
because I didn't know how.
-You're dead.
-No.
-I'm right here.
I know it doesn't make
any sense. but it is.
I know I moved through the...
through the...
through the spaces.
Your. your dad.
He figured it all out.
Shut up! Shut up!
He's a fucking lunatic.
All he cared about
was chasing ghosts.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. hey. listen.
She is here.
Okay. she is alive.
She is talking to us.
but somehow she is lying
over there dead. okay?
Now. now. now. Pops.
he said every universe
that has an equal possibility
of existing is somewhere else.
It's all right.
They. they. they--
Somewhere else.
He was talking about universes
that are light years away.
not in your own
fucking backyard.
How can you believe in something
that does not exist?
Faith. Okay? Faith.
Sometimes that is all we got.
Faith didn't save my son.
I'm sorry. [CRIES]
I'm sorry.
And I know you're hurting.
You're not my wife.
No. no. no. no. no.
no. no. no. hey.
Hey. hey. stop.
Put the gun down.
-She's not my wife.
-Put it down.
I killed my wife.
[SCREAMS]
-VANESSA: Alex.
-Hey.
VANESSA:
Martel.
Hey. Hey. Okay.
Alex.
[CRIES]
It's okay.
Just breathe. Breathe.
-VANESSA: Martel.
-Breathe.
VANESSA:
Alex. Alex.
[INDISTINCT SPEECH]
-I'm afraid.
-VANESSA: Alex.
It's gonna be alright. okay?
It's gonna be alright.
[VANESSA GRUNTS]
VANESSA:
Alex.
Wake up.
Hey. get up. Get up.
VANESSA:
Alex!
[♪♪]
MARTEL:
I don't know who you are.
Or where you came from?
I just know you don't belong
in this world anymore.
[♪♪]
[FIRES]
[MARTEL THUDS]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[♪♪]
Oh shit. what are you doing?
[LAUGHING]
VANESSA:
Oh. good lord.
[LAUGHTER & INDISTINCT CHATTER]
Oh!
That was fine.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
DIVORCED ALEX:
Room 1111.
Bed Eight.
Where the hell have you been?
Well. when I got
to that other space.
Martel and Alex.
they were freaking out.
They were talking about
you tried to kill 'em.
When I got back.
you were already gone.
Something bad happened there.
That was my original space.
Are you sure?
Yeah.
I've lost everyone
that I loved.
DIVORCED ALEX:
I'm sorry.
I'm guessing
you found your space.
I did.
Now. you're gonna blow
the gate?
DIVORCED ALEX:
I am.
VANESSA:
How is it?
Does his wife believe you?
Less of me. the better.
I suggest you do the same.
You find a space. you take it.
Protect it.
I spoke to them.
They never even knew.
You can't just take another
person's life like that.
I'm not. It's mine.
You want to keep walking
through these spaces.
praying to find someone
you'll never see again?
Fearing the next space
you walk in
will be the one
to take your life?
You said it yourself.
You can't go back.
You've lost everyone you love.
You want to be happy. right?
It's easy.
VANESSA:
Not like you.
What if you find
your original Obe?
Vanessa. you are gonna find
a space
that you'll never want to leave.
But you think
the other version of you
is just gonna welcome you
with open arms?
You must be out
of your damn mind.
Kill or be killed.
It's that simple.
I'm not a murderer.
Tough choices have to be made.
Vanessa.
I didn't think
that I could sign the DNR.
but I did.
He wasn't improving.
he was suffering.
You were suffering.
I just wanted it to end.
No. you had no right.
He was my son.
I had every right.
He could have made it!
And that's exactly
why she left your ass.
DIVORCED ALEX:
Here.
You'll need this more than me.
There will be a time
when you need to make a choice.
Choose wisely.
I'm closing the space now.
[♪♪]
DIVORCED ALEX:
All right.
[PANTS]
You should get going.
I set the timer for 45 minutes.
That should give you enough time
to find another space.
And remember. whatever you do.
just pull the trigger.
[♪♪]
[BEEPING]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
SCARED VANESSA:
Don't move!
Turn around.
I couldn't believe my eyes. but.
Okay. I can explain.
But it's complicated.
Oh. I know.
Multiverse theory.
I didn't think it was real.
but here you are.
Yeah. Yeah. I'm real.
And I know you're scared.
but I can help you.
Shut up!
VANESSA:
You don't have to do this.
Yes. I do!
He said we can't exist
in the same space.
Yes. he's right.
But you can let me go.
I can just keep walking away.
and you can go back
to your life.
Go back to what?
My life ended the day
my husband pulled the plug
on my son.
VANESSA:
You're his wife.
SCARED VANESSA:
What did you say?
VANESSA:
He's... he's looking for you.
Your Alex.
He's still at the gate.
He hasn't blown it yet.
I'm not going to go back to him
after what he did.
He took my baby away from me.
[CRIES]
You and me. we're the same.
I lost my son. too.
Then I'm sorry.
[♪♪]
[GRUNTS]
[PANTS]
[♪♪]
[SOBBING]
[PANTS]
[FIRE CRACKLING]
[WATER FLOWING]
[VANESSA CRYING]
[♪♪]
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
[BIRD THUDS ON WINDOW]
[TAKING DEEP BREATHS]
My mom used to say that.
dead bird meant
the closing of one chapter
in your life
and the beginning of a new one.
Maybe this is a sign.
Yeah?
Of what?
[♪♪]
A new beginning.
Hey. you hungry?
Mm-hmm.
Go on make me some food then.
I'm playing. I'm playing.
Hey.
Don't stay out here too long.
You know I love you. right?
Yeah. I... I do.
And you can tell me anything?
I know.
Okay.
I tried to wake you
when we got back.
Yeah. I was really tired.
How long was I out?
You slept for 13 hours.
Vanessa. you're finally up.
Hey.
I thought we were going
to have to call 9-1-1.
You sleep like a rock.
[VANESSA CHUCKLES]
MARTEL:
You good?
Yeah. Better than good.
How's your hand?
It's not as bad as we thought.
-You want to go for a hike?
-No.
No.
No. just want to relax.
All right.
After that maybe we can get
a little quality alone time.
Oh. God. Come on. man.
-I'm going to get breakfast.
-What? It's fine.
Come on. man. Stop! [LAUGHS]
I don't need to know all that.
I'm going to go get dressed.
Let me go help this fool
in the kitchen.
He don't know what he's doing.
[♪♪]
OBE:
Mommy?
Obe?
[♪♪]